you go through that door
and you actually think it's started
I'll tell you what our brought our
Wembley a few times in front 100,000
people but this is a VIP reception was
also always been worried they wouldn't
cheerfully but he did so a conference is
up there now ready to dance now I'm
gonna fall over every time I spin I go I
just like I'm like a tree being chopped
chopped down like clunk ooh this way now
for the dance routine well it all
depends on the others as you know
you know when you're walking in a room
with all these guys you're the same so
it's all all you get changing out of it
I want to know who my partner is
honestly the way that managed to keep
this a secret I thought I'd rumbled it
because I thought that the shirt if
there was a guy with the same kind of
shirt as your dress then you were
probably going to get him then I find
out not only other two but they're
changing their shirts later on in the
show so guys ruin my shot I'm very
excited focus mode everybody's like
you're very quiet but when I give it to
work mornings and the competition I'm
focused